0.  How many different colors does each format support?
	
	BMP: 32 bits to represent colors, over 4 billion colors support.
	GIF: 8 bits to represent colors, 256 colors support.
	JPEG: 24 bits to represent colors, 16 million colors support.
	PNG: 24 bits to represent colors, 16 million colors support.

1.  Which of the formats supports animation?
    
    GIF.

2.  What’s the difference between lossy and lossless compression? 
    
    With lossless compression, every single bit of data that was 
    originally in the file remains after the file is uncompressed. 
    All of the information is completely restored.
    
    On the other hand, lossy compression reduces a file by permanently
    eliminating certain information, especially redundant information. 
    When the file is uncompressed, only a part of the original information
    is still there (although the user may not notice it).

3.  Which of these formats is lossy-compressed?

    JPEG.
    
4.  What happens, technically speaking, when a file is deleted on a FAT file system?

When the operating system erases a FAT file, two things occur. 
First, the system modifies the filename’s first character in the file’s directory entry 
to signal that the file has  been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
Second, the system moves all of the file’s FAT clusters to the hard drive’s list of free 
clusters. The actual file data is never touched. Indeed, there are many programs available 
that can recover erased files.

5.  What can someone like you do to ensure (with high probability) that files you delete cannot be recovered?
    
Delete files using a secure delete option. That replaces the section on disc with all zeroes.

6.  What’s stdint.h ?      

The <stdint.h> header shall declare sets of integer types having specified widths, and shall define 
corresponding sets of macros. It shall also define macros that specify limits of integer types corresponding
to types defined in other standard headers.

7.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

C has very loose definitions on its basic integer data types (char, short, int, long, and long long). 
The language guarantees that they can represent at least some range of values, but any particular platform 
(compiler, operating system, hardware) might be larger than that. A good example is long. On one machine, 
it might be 32 bits (the minimum required by C). On another, it's 64 bits. So, what do you do if you want an 
integer type that's precisely 32 bits long? That's where int32_t comes in: it's an alias for whatever integer 
type your particular system has that is exactly 32 bits. uint32_t is the same, but for unsigned 32 bit values. 
On one system, that might be unsigned int and on another unsigned long. It gives you the data type with specified width.

8.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?

BYTE = 8 bits = 1 byte
DWORD= 32 bits = 4 bytes
LONG = signed 32 bits = 4 bytes
WORD = 16 bits = 2 bytes

9.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be?

Hex:    0x4d42
ASCII:  BM (bitmap)
Decimal: 19778

10. What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

bfSize is the total number of bytes in the file (246 for smiley.bmp).
biSize is the number of bytes in the info header (40 for a bitmap).

11. What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

biHeight specifies the height of the bitmap, in pixels.
For uncompressed RGB bitmaps, if biHeight is positive, the bitmap is a 
bottom-up DIB with the origin at the lower left corner. If biHeight is 
negative, the bitmap is a top-down DIB with the origin at the upper left corner.

12. What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

The biBitCount member of the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure determines the number of bits that 
define each pixel and the maximum number of colors in the bitmap.

13. Why might fopen return NULL in copy.c:37?

it's possible for fopen to fail even if your program is perfectly correct: 
you might try to open a file specified by the user, and that file might not exist 
(or it might be write-protected). In those cases, fopen will return 0, the NULL pointer. 

14. Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

Because it specifies how many elements you want to read, and we're always
reading a struct so we only need 1 struct.

15. What value does copy.c:70 assign padding if bi.biWidth is 3?

The padding would be 3, because 3 pixels * 3 bytes per pixel + 3 bytes of padding = 12 bytes,
which is a multiple of 4.

16. What does fseek do?

Skips over any padding and looks for the next pixel (RGB triple)

17. What is SEEK_CUR?

An integer constant which, when used as the 'whence' argument to the
fseek or fseeko function, specifies that the offset provided is relative to
the current file position.

18. Whodunit?


